
---

## PART A – SUPER KEYWORD

Q1.
Create a parent class Vehicle with a variable speed = 100.
Create a child class Car with variable speed = 150.
Print the parent class speed using super.

---

Q2.
Create a parent class Person with a method display() that prints
"Person Details".

Create a child class Student that overrides display().
Call the parent class display() method using super.

---

Q3.
Create a parent class Shape with a constructor that prints
"Shape Created".

Create a child class Circle with a constructor that prints
"Circle Created".

Use super to call the parent constructor.

---

Q4.
What will be the output of the following program?

class A {
int x = 10;
}

class B extends A {
int x = 20;

```
void show() {
    System.out.println(x);
    System.out.println(super.x);
}
```

}

---

Q5.
Create a class Animal with method eat().
Create a class Dog that extends Animal.
Call the parent method using super.

---

## PART B – INTERFACE

Q6.
Create an interface Animal with method makeSound().

Create a class Dog that implements Animal and prints
"Dog Barking".

---

Q7.
Create an interface Calculator with methods:
add()
subtract()

Create a class SimpleCalculator that implements these methods.

---

Q8.
Create an interface Playable with method play().

Create two classes:
Football
Cricket

Both should implement the Playable interface.

---

Q9.
Create two interfaces:
Camera
MusicPlayer

Methods:
takePhoto()
playMusic()

Create a class Smartphone that implements both interfaces.

---

Q10.
Create an interface Shape with method area().

Create classes:
Circle
Rectangle

Both should implement the Shape interface and calculate area.

---

## BONUS QUESTION

Q11.
Create an interface Payment with method pay().

Create three classes:
CreditCardPayment
UPIPayment
CashPayment

Each class should print a different payment message.
